project-worksheet.md, before:

# JoeBot

## Project Links

- [Heroku Deployment](https://seir-joebot.herokuapp.com/)
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/jakenguyen0118/joebot)

## Description

JoeBot is a robotic clone of our wonderful lead instructor Joe Keohan. He's equipped with plenty of memey commands compiled throughout SEIR-831 cohort, but also has a plethora of resource materials. From checking what is the very first lecture of class to the last day of class, JoeBot will provide you with any previous lectures you need. There is one command to rule them all with JoeBot and that command is... !exit (link to class exit tickets).

## Time/Priority Matrix

|  Feature  |  Priority  |  Estimated Time  |  Actual Time  |
|  ---  |  :---:  |   :---:  |  :---:  |
| Discord API Docs | H | 10hr(s) | 7hr(s) |
| Python | H | 30hr(s) | 40hr(s) |
| discord.py | H | 2hr(s) | 2hr(s) |
| Set up JoeBot to Server | H | 3hr(s) | 5hr(s) |
| Deploy JoeBot | H | 2hr(s) | 6hr(s) |
| Dev.to API for articles | H | 4hr(s) | 5hr(s) |
| DM Member on Join | M | 1hr(s) | 3hr(s) |
| Command: unit1 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: unit2 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: unit3 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: unit4 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: labs | M | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: algorithms | M | 2hr(s) | 3hr(s) |
| Command: hw | M | 3hr(s) | 1.5hr(s) |
| Command: bonuslecture | M | 2hr(s) | 1.5hr(s) |
| Command: weather | M | 3hr(s) | 4hr(s) |
| Command: hwlink | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: exit | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: saveme | L | 0.5hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: algos | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: alex | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: devnursery | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: nasa | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: greece | L | 1hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: partytime | L | 1hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: datenight | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| TOTAL | H | 78hrs | 89.5hrs |

## MVP/POSTMVP

#### MVP

- Functional discord bot
- Deploy JoeBot
- Learn Python
- DM members on joining server
- Command: articles
    - Dev.to API to recommend random articles
- Command: unit1-4 (SEIR831 Specific)
    - An array of lecture notes for each unit
- Command: labs (SEIR831 Specific)
    - List of all labs throughout the cohort
- Command: hw (SEIR831 Specific)
    - List of all assigned homework
- Command: hwlink
    - Link to HW Submission
- Command: bonuslecture (SEIR831 Specific)
    - List of all our bonus lectures during project week
- Command: weather
    - OpenWeatherAPI
    - Enter a zipcode along with the weather command to get weather info
- Command: exit
    - Link to our favorite thing to do... Filling out exit tickets
- Command: saveme
    - JoeBot will ask the user who sent the command to share their screen
- Command: algos
    - Illustrious Kenny Cruz
- Command: alex
    - Alex's YouTube channel because he makes better videos than JoeBot (for right now)
- Command: devnursery
    - Link to Alex's website for everything about code
- Command: nasa
    - JoeBot's favorite site
- Command: greece
    - Pictures of JoeBot's favorite countries
- Command: partytime
    - Recommendations of JoeBot's highest rated IPAs
- Command: datenight
    - Recommendations of JoeBot's destinations for datenights!

#### POSTMVP

- Trivia Game
    - Categories
        - General
        - Javascript
        - React
- Add more categories and questions to trivia game
- More typical bot commands (managing server roles, deleting messages, etc)

Commit message:

project worksheet, readme, trivia attempt

project-worksheet.md, after:

# JoeBot

## Project Links

- [Heroku Deployment](https://seir-joebot.herokuapp.com/)
- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/jakenguyen0118/joebot)

## Description

JoeBot is a robotic clone of our wonderful lead instructor Joe Keohan. He's equipped with plenty of memey commands compiled throughout SEIR-831 cohort, but also has a plethora of resource materials. From checking what is the very first lecture of class to the last day of class, JoeBot will provide you with any previous lectures you need. There is one command to rule them all with JoeBot and that command is... !exit (link to class exit tickets).

## Time/Priority Matrix

|  Feature  |  Priority  |  Estimated Time  |  Actual Time  |
|  ---  |  :---:  |   :---:  |  :---:  |
| Discord API Docs | H | 10hr(s) | 7hr(s) |
| Python | H | 30hr(s) | 40hr(s) |
| discord.py | H | 2hr(s) | 2hr(s) |
| Set up JoeBot to Server | H | 3hr(s) | 5hr(s) |
| Deploy JoeBot | H | 2hr(s) | 6hr(s) |
| Dev.to API for articles | H | 4hr(s) | 5hr(s) |
| OpenWeather API for weather | H | 2hr(s) | 3hr(s) |
| DM Member on Join | M | 1hr(s) | 3hr(s) |
| Command: unit1 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: unit2 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: unit3 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: unit4 | H | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: labs | M | 2hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: algorithms | M | 2hr(s) | 3hr(s) |
| Command: hw | M | 3hr(s) | 1.5hr(s) |
| Command: bonuslecture | M | 2hr(s) | 1.5hr(s) |
| Command: weather | M | 3hr(s) | 4hr(s) |
| Command: hwlink | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: exit | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: saveme | L | 0.5hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: algos | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: alex | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: devnursery | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: nasa | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: greece | L | 1hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: partytime | L | 1hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| Command: datenight | L | 0.5hr(s) | 0.5hr(s) |
| Command: projects | L | 0.5hr(s) | 1hr(s) |
| TOTAL | H | 80hrs | 93.5hrs |

## MVP/POSTMVP

#### MVP

- Functional discord bot
- Deploy JoeBot
- Learn Python
- DM members on joining server
- Command: articles
    - Dev.to API to recommend random articles
- Command: unit1-4 (SEIR831 Specific)
    - An array of lecture notes for each unit
- Command: labs (SEIR831 Specific)
    - List of all labs throughout the cohort
- Command: hw (SEIR831 Specific)
    - List of all assigned homework
- Command: hwlink
    - Link to HW Submission
- Command: bonuslecture (SEIR831 Specific)
    - List of all our bonus lectures during project week
- Command: weather
    - OpenWeatherAPI
    - Enter a zipcode along with the weather command to get weather info
    - Compares the weather with Ios, Greece
- Command: exit
    - Link to our favorite thing to do... Filling out exit tickets
- Command: saveme
    - JoeBot will ask the user who sent the command to share their screen
- Command: algos
    - Illustrious Kenny Cruz
- Command: alex
    - Alex's YouTube channel because he makes better videos than JoeBot (for right now)
- Command: devnursery
    - Link to Alex's website for everything about code
- Command: nasa
    - JoeBot's favorite site
- Command: greece
    - Pictures of JoeBot's favorite countries
- Command: partytime
    - Recommendations of JoeBot's highest rated IPAs
- Command: datenight
    - Recommendations of JoeBot's destinations for datenights!
- Command: projects
    - Collection of student projects from SEIR-831

#### POSTMVP

- Trivia Game
    -Opentdb API
- More typical bot commands (managing server roles, deleting messages, etc)
